doc: new Clever Tools documentation (#667)
CleverCloud/clever-tools: docs/applications-management.md

# Clever Cloud Applications: management

## create

> To create an application on Clever Cloud and link it to a local folder, set its `type`. It can be: `docker`, `go`, `gradle`, `haskell`, `jar`,`maven`, `meteor`, `node`, `php`, `play1`, `play2`, `python`, `ruby`, `rust`, `sbt`, `static-apache` or `war`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a new application on Clever Cloud and they will be linked to your local folder. Only its `type` is required, it should be one of: `docker`, `go`, `gradle`, `haskell`, `jar`,`maven`, `meteor`, `node`, `php`, `play1`, `play2`, `python`, `ruby`, `rust`, `sbt`, `static-apache` or `war`. Choose also its name <APP_NAME>.
```

```
clever create -t TYPE APP_NAME
```

You can also use one of the following optional parameters:

#### Tasks

```
--task -T [CC_RUN_COMMAND]
```

You can declare a new application as a Clever Task. Once deployed, a Task executes its `CC_RUN_COMMAND` and then stops. This value can be set by an (optional) parameter or later through `clever env set` command.

You can execute a Task whenever needed through a `clever restart` or modify it and `clever deploy` a new revision. You'll only be billed for the build/execution time, per second.

> [!NOTE]
> Except its lifecycle, a Clever Task is identical to an application and accepts the same environment variables.

#### GitHub repositories

```
--github owner/repo
```

> If you Clever Cloud account is linked to a GitHub account, you can deploy any of your GitHub repositories as an application thanks to this parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Clever Cloud account is linked to a GitHub account, you can deploy any of your GitHub repositories as an application thanks to this parameter.
```
